---
title: >-
  Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard fart in owners food cat gets stuck
  in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat
  eats firefighters' slippers 
date: 2017-01-04T15:04:10.000Z
description: >-
  [From CAT-IPSUM] Lies down . Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard purr
  when being pet. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate
  everything cough furball wack the mini furry mouse. My slave human didn't give
  me any food so i pooped on the floor stare at ceiling, and licks your face so
  mice touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr get video posted to internet for
  chasing red dot
image: img/hqdefault.jpg
---
Cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one. All of a sudden cat goes crazy hiiiiiiiiii feed me now. Kitty power plan your travel but bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that. Stare at imaginary bug. Meowwww sit in a box for hours furrier and even more furrier hairball. Immediately regret falling into bathtub licks paws demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it, yet there's a forty year old lady there let us feast, but adventure always walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield yet run outside as soon as door open. Let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway. Grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? and attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently yet pretend you want to go out but then don't so wack the mini furry mouse, yet sleep everywhere, but not in my bed chew master's slippers.\
\
Meowzer push your water glass on the floor stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Fart in owners food cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle. Purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow stretch sleep in the bathroom sink purr, meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat. Need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me you call this cat food for meowwww but small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur. Bite the neighbor's bratty kid inspect anything brought into the house, leave dead animals as gifts cry louder at reflection chew the plant so eats owners hair then claws head. Wack the mini furry mouse scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me or stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust for scamper and annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good. No, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out kitty kitty or leave fur on owners clothes. Cat mojo. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. Munch on tasty moths. I like cats because they are fat and fluffy scratch the box demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it run outside as soon as door open find something else more interesting. Chew master's slippers murr i hate humans they are so annoying chase dog then run away and poop on couch throwup on your pillow, kitty loves pigs cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back. Take a big fluffing crap 💩 lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep. Love you, then bite you ask to be pet then attack owners hand fall asleep upside-down sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor give me attention or face the wrath of my claws ask to be pet then attack owners hand. Sleep in the bathroom sink. Rub face on everything groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked for curl into a furry donut. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass the dog smells bad so relentlessly pursues moth stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out. I bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo.



Cry louder at reflection do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life, but chew iPad power cord claws in the eye of the beholder touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside rub butt on table scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me, and sit on the laptop or stare out the window lick butt get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber. Who's the baby fight own tail. I love cuddles let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway but annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose or my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too hopped up on catnip scratch at the door then walk away. Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose so caticus cuteicus so terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted. Claws in the eye of the beholder humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean make meme, make cute face but flop over, but grass smells good. Fart in owners food nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! hopped up on catnip i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor or yowling nonstop the whole night. Poop on grasses ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box so scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring run as fast as i can into another room for no reason but sniff catnip and act crazy for be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day but relentlessly pursues moth pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now. Missing until dinner time give attitude, or soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum mewl for food at 4am go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway and catty ipsum. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back or ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl so lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo poop in the plant pot. Pretend not to be evil being gorgeous with belly side up yet bring your owner a dead bird yet your pillow is now my pet bed pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms and claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. Shake treat bag ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss make meme, make cute face or refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am, eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender yet walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield yet meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. When in doubt, wash decide to want nothing to do with my owner today get video posted to internet for chasing red dot ooooh feather moving feather! find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out so curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels. Hopped up on catnip sleep on my human's head yet loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it. Lick sellotape run in circles. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Brown cats with pink ears cat mojo or cough hairball, eat toilet paper. Lick butt and make a weird face lick butt, and has closed eyes but still sees you scratch the box jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. Cat fur is the new black get scared by doggo also cucumerro for stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust.
