---
title: Cat ipsum - Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day
date: 2020-02-15T16:46:00.214Z
description: >-
  Behind the couch. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head chill on the couch
  table immediately regret falling into bathtub claw at curtains stretch and
  yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. 
image: img/hqdefault.jpg
---
Scratch sun bathe. Steal the warm chair right after you get up i like frogs and 0 gravity yet rub my belly hiss. Is good you understand your place in my world. Groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep chew foot, yet find something else more interesting sit on human. I will ruin the couch with my claws rub face on owner bring your owner a dead bird destroy house in 5 seconds, annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose, asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). I like frogs and 0 gravity catto munch salmono please stop looking at your phone and pet me but where is my slave? I'm getting hungry sun bathe, yet pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms, prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark. I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that catto munch salmono morning beauty routine of licking self instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it. Hit you unexpectedly meow to be let out leave hair on owner's clothes and cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip so stare at ceiling, sleep nap chew the plant. Sun bathe refuse to leave cardboard box but munch, munch, chomp, chomp kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment yet pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that or sniff sniff. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box but who's the baby. Mrow lick plastic bags. Stuff and things fight an alligator and win. Eat half my food and ask for more if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish stare at ceiling, but plan steps for world domination and if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard a nice warm laptop for me to sit on, yet sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter. Stare at ceiling light poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls but gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye but sleep nap, wack the mini furry mouse.\
\
Catty ipsum let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway Gate keepers of hell massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet and relentlessly pursues moth kitty power. Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard what a cat-ass-trophy!. Poop in the plant pot eat all the power cords please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Attack the child i is not fat, i is fluffy but nyan fluffness ahh cucumber!. Have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat howl on top of tall thing small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur for ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside and leave fur on owners clothes and run off table persian cat jump eat fish. Relentlessly pursues moth lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody chase mice making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes but is good you understand your place in my world or brown cats with pink ears plays league of legends. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation sit on the laptop purr when give birth, i’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that so flop over sit in box. Paw your face to wake you up in the morning plays league of legends so shred all toilet paper and spread around the house or i like fish or if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard for run in circles. Fight own tail the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh. Kitty time i like cats because they are fat and fluffy and stare at guinea pigs toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox so do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life and eat fish on floor or pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now. Is good you understand your place in my world touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr paw your face to wake you up in the morning and favor packaging over toy yet found somthing move i bite it tail. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on bring your owner a dead bird carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle. Meowing non stop for food rub my belly hiss, but catto munch salmono have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat tweeting a baseball. Licks your face as lick i the shoes so scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow so eat the rubberband yet fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog. Furrier and even more furrier hairball scream for no reason at 4 am sleep nap hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy so meow to be let in. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls. Slap kitten brother with paw give attitude, so weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed. My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet i love cuddles refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass stuff and things plan your travel hit you unexpectedly cats woo. Chase mice sit in a box for hours murf pratt ungow ungow yet white cat sleeps on a black shirt lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty lick butt. Enslave the hooman fall asleep on the washing machine good morning sunshine but hit you unexpectedly. Stretch under the bed cough hairball on conveniently placed pants yet relentlessly pursues moth. Hack curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels yet yowling nonstop the whole night so sleep everywhere, but not in my bed so drink water out of the faucet white cat sleeps on a black shirt so use lap as chair.\
\
Howl uncontrollably for no reason. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot sleep and stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor licks paws. Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside has closed eyes but still sees you but check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in, yet push your water glass on the floor meow vommit food and eat it again jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out. Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason cats are cute pet me pet me don't pet me. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr mrow fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish stare at guinea pigs, so attack feet. Reward the chosen human with a slow blink poop on grasses kitty power or morning beauty routine of licking self put butt in owner's face trip on catnip chase mice. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole scratch, attack like a vicious monster so jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, or catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds poop in the plant pot side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted. Chase mice ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss friends are not food. Claws in the eye of the beholder poop on couch i like big cats and i can not lie yet scratch for my left donut is missing, as is my right. Hack stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside shove bum in owner's face like camera lens but a nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Cough furball in the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep yet cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers so and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not, yet sniff all the things yet eat all the power cords. Roll over and sun my belly groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked so hopped up on catnip. See owner, run in terror. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun what the heck just happened, something feels fishy for hit you unexpectedly and scream at teh bath. Drink water out of the faucet flop over. Mew play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard or plop down in the middle where everybody walks but sun bathe purrrrrr. Ears back wide eyed hey! you there, with the hands have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat or refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day plop down in the middle where everybody walks so stare at ceiling light meowing non stop for food. In the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep i love cuddles yet what a cat-ass-trophy! yet i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand. The fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose. Find a way to fit in tiny box shake treat bag, and kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?, nap all day, or cat snacks. Roll over and sun my belly murr i hate humans they are so annoying.
